K8s-logging: Demo Logger object bound to PVC (#1)
sumedhak27/Containerized-Distributed-Logger: README.md

      git clone https://github.com/sumedhak27/Containerized-Distributed-Logger.git
      cd Containerized-Distributed-Logger
      ```
    - Build docker image of logger application
      ```bash

>       docker build -f Dockerfile -t demo-logger:1.1 .

Reviewer: we should keep the <version_num> instead of 1.1

>       docker build -f Dockerfile -t demo-logger:1.1 .

Reviewer: line number 51 https://github.com/sumedhak27/Containerized-Distributed-Logger/pull/1/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R51
needs a change 
`less /var/log/demoLogger/[container_id].log`

Author: done

>       docker build -f Dockerfile -t demo-logger:1.1 .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # version_num/tag of the image and mentioned in the deployment.yaml should be same.
      docker build -f Dockerfile -t demo-logger:[version_num/tag] .
```
